README.md, before:

# readme-generator
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jpreston-alt/readme-generator) [![Link to Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Link%20to%20Repo-blue.svg)](https://github.com/jpreston-alt/readme-generator)

## Description
asdf
## Table of Contents
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [License](#License)

## Usage
adsf

![](asdf)
## Technologies
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* jQuery
* Bootstrap
* Bulma
* Node.js
* AJAX

![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jpreston-alt/readme-generator)

## Installation
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:
```
npm install
```
![Dependencies Shield](https://img.shields.io/david/jpreston-alt/readme-generator)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license. 

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Contributing


## Tests
To run tests, run the following command: 
``` 
npm test 
```


## Questions
​
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me:

On GitHub: [jpreston-alt](https://api.github.com/users/jpreston-alt) | Via Email: joanna

![user image](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/58855401?v=4&s=100)

Commit message:

seperated questions into their own module

README.md, after:

# Readme-Generator
[Link to Repo](https://github.com/jpreston-alt/Readme-Generator) 

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jpreston-alt/Readme-Generator)

## Description
Generates a README based on user input.
## Table of Contents
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [Installation](#Installation)
* [Contributing](#Contributing)
* [Tests](#Tests)
* [License](#License)

## Usage
Answer the prompted questions.

![](./assets/code-quiz.gif)
## Technologies
* JavaScript
* Node.js
* Axios

![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jpreston-alt/Readme-Generator)

## Installation
To install necessary dependencies, run the following command: 
``` 
npm install 
``` 
![Dependencies Shield](https://img.shields.io/david/jpreston-alt/Readme-Generator)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
Hit me up.

## Tests
To run tests, run the following command: 
``` 
npm test 
```


## Questions
​
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me:

On GitHub: [jpreston-alt](https://api.github.com/users/jpreston-alt) | Via Email: joannappreston@gmail.com

![user image](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/58855401?v=4&s=100)
